---
_id: f3b900b0-3931-11ea-a228-db01b2ef7800
status: searching
date_posted: '2020-01-17'
layout: jobs
organization: Wikimedia Deutschland e.V.
org_url: 'https://www.wikimedia.de/'
title: UX Designer Wikidata / Wikibase (m/f/d) Bewerbung hinzufügen
role: UX Design
compensation: gratis
deliverables: ''
how_to_apply:
  - jobs@wikimedia.de
  - 'https://short.sg/j/5681755'
github_handle: ''
tags: ''
date: '2020-01-17T14:02:09.976Z'
---
Wikimedia Deutschland – Gesellschaft zur Förderung Freien Wissens e. V. is a non-profit organisation based in Berlin, Germany. With 140 employees and about 74.000 members, it is the oldest and largest of about 40 independent chapters of the international Wikimedia movement. The most well-known Wikimedia project, the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia, is used by millions of people across the world every day and is continuously updated and improved by millions of users. 

Wikimedia Deutschland furthers these ideals even beyond the free encyclopedia: It is our aim to establish and promote the creation, collection, and distribution of free knowledge in all parts of society. Our objective is to create a world in which the sum of all human knowledge is freely accessible for everyone. The main focus of our activities is the support of volunteers, the development of technology and software, and the cooperation with cultural and scientific institutions. Furthermore, we advocate on both the national and EU-level a legal framework which allows for free knowledge to become part of our everyday life.

We are looking for a UX Designer (f/m/d) to join our Software & Development Department in the heart of Berlin. This role will focus on doing user research in a worldwide community and user interface designs for millions of users for our Wikidata and Wikibase product development. For example, one of the Wikidata teams is working on the “Wikidata Bridge” to make it possible to edit Wikidata’s data directly from Wikipedia. 

The role will report to the Head of Design and is part of the UX & Design team. 

What you will perform:

Conduct user research to gain insights and translate findings into your designs
Create storyboards, user flows, low-fidelity & high-fidelity mockups in order to demonstrate your ideas
Validate designs through design reviews and usability testing
Work closely with product managers, community communication managers, and developers to ensure your designs find their way into our open source software
What we expect:

Degree in interaction design, human-computer interaction, human factors, graphic design, or any related field
Proven experience in defining interactions which are clean, efficient, versatile and follow common standards (please attach or link your portfolio in your application) 
Experience in conducting qualitative user research (if your work focus is more on user research, show us examples of your work here instead of an interaction design portfolio)
Knowledge of usability principles and design patterns
Experience in working with design and prototyping tools (preferably: Figma or Sketch)
Experience in working with product managers and software developers
Fluent English communication and presentation skills
Nice to have:

Have already worked in an agile software development environment
Understanding of Javascript, HTML, CSS, SVG, MVVM frameworks (e.g. React, Vue)
Experience in applying quantitative user research methods
Experience in UI / visual design
German language skills
What we offer:

You can attend local user groups meetings or meetups during work time and you are encouraged to do so
You will have a noticeable impact on one of the top visited websites
We go to conferences, both as attendees and participants
All software we develop is open source and we contribute back to various projects we use. We also share our user research results and design prototypes online.

In addition to your salary we offer:

A friendly and open-minded team that looks forward to working with you
The opportunity to promote Free Knowledge in a unique movement
Varied and interesting challenges in an international environment, with a highly engaged global community
A modern and centrally located office space
An agile and dynamic organization with room for professional and personal development, and with flexible working hours
Public transport allowance; access to complementary pension benefits; continued salary in the event of ill children; free coffee, tea, soft drinks and organic fruits; access to free-of-cost counselling and coaching on work-related and personal matters
Initial appointment is for 2 years.

Interested?

Then apply now! Send us your detailed application documents via our job portal. Our personnel team will be happy to answer your questions. We kindly ask you to refrain from submitting photos and information on date of birth, marital status, and parents. We look forward to hearing from you!

Wikimedia Germany is committed to equal opportunities and does not discriminate on the basis of, for example, ethnic origin, citizenship, religion or belief, political or other opinion, gender, age, disability, or sexual identity or orientation.

In light of an underrepresentation of women in our Software Development Department, we strongly encourage qualified women to apply.
